capital = 2146
primary_culture = anarchist
religion = animist
government = anarchist_society
plurality = 1
nationalvalue = nv_liberty
literacy = 0
civilized = yes

# Political reforms
slavery = no_slavery
upper_house_composition = appointed
vote_franschise = wealth_voting
public_meetings = yes_meeting
press_rights = censored_press
trade_unions = all_trade_unions
voting_system = first_past_the_post
political_parties = non_secret_ballots

# Social Reforms
wage_reform = no_minimum_wage
work_hours = eight_hours
safety_regulations = no_safety
health_care = good_health_care
unemployment_subsidies = good_subsidies
pensions = good_pensions
school_reforms = no_schools


# New Reforms
conscription = mandatory_service
debt_law = bankruptcy
penal_system = capital_punishment
child_labor = child_labor_illegal
citizens_rights = all_voting_pops
border_policy = open_borders
centralization = unitary
colonial_policy = no_colonies

set_country_flag = existing_country
set_country_flag = new_world_nation

ruling_party = PRI_anarcho_liberal
upper_house = {
	fascist = 0
	liberal = 0
	conservative = 0
	reactionary = 0
	anarcho_liberal = 100
	socialist = 0
	communist = 0
}


# Technologies
post_napoleonic_thought = 1
flintlock_rifles = 1
bronze_muzzle_loaded_artillery = 1
military_staff_system = 1
army_command_principle = 1
clipper_design = 1
alphabetic_flag_signaling = 1
the_command_principle = 1
classicism_n_early_romanticism = 1
late_enlightenment_philosophy = 1
malthusian_thought = 1
enlightenment_thought = 1
introspectionism = 1
private_banks = 1
no_standard = 1
early_classical_theory_and_critique = 1
freedom_of_trade = 1
guild_based_production = 1
piston_steam_engine = 1
mechanical_production = 1
mechanized_mining = 1
basic_chemistry = 1
army_professionalism = 1
interchangeable_parts = 1
romanticism = 1
#hot_blast = 1
high_pressure_steam_engine = 1